[exciting opening theme music plays]
It's the Age of Bare Hands.
THE AGE OF BARE HANDS
Yes, it's true.
Although I have to admit
that I didn't believe it myself,
at least not until it happened.
But I see now
that once it's been perfected,
the human body
can be completely invincible.
It can get past anything.
There are no sensors that can detect
if someone is good at fighting, after all.
What Guevaru teaches his men
surely is accurate.
[dramatic sting]
Any institution could be infiltrated
without the use of weapons.
Men who are trained properly
are stronger than machine guns.
[chuckles] Even the obtuse United States
is finally catching on to that fact now.
They've decided
to closely monitor three men.
[ominous sting]
Your father, Yujiro Hanma,
also known as the Ogre.
Biscuit Oliva, also called Mr. Unchained.
And Jun Guevaru,
who we know as Number Two.
Out of everyone,
only those three are the targets
of extraplanetary reconnaissance.
I… Uh…
I mean, man-made satellites.
[gasps] Oh…
[narrator] Man-made satellites are
typically only used for military matters.
However, several are dedicated
to monitoring the movements
of just those three men.
-[whirring]
-[intriguing music playing]
The satellites continually collect
images of all three of them
with such precision and clarity
that it looks like they were photographed
from only a few feet above.
But if any of them
begin to move more quickly
than two and half miles an hour,
an entirely different protocol
kicks into place.
[shrill beeping]
Over half of all satellites
are immediately put into emergency mode
and redirected
to follow the target's movement.
As a result of that,
it's said that the GPS systems
that use those satellites
can have their accuracy offset
by up to 200 feet.
[dramatic music playing]
The system filters out false positives
like driving in a car,
but any other movement
where they're going over
two and a half miles an hour,
essentially anything
other than walking speed,
triggers the system's response,
wreaking havoc on GPS systems everywhere.
It says that I'm driving in the ocean!
Wow. That's, uh…
[chuckles] They're certainly
a troublesome trio
for anyone who's looking to protect
themselves with weapons.
[chuckles] In a way, it is refreshing.
[door creaking]
Oh.
You two ladies havin' a nice chat?
-[chewing gum]
-[intense music building]
[whooshes]
'Cause you seem…
to be talking a long time
in here, old man.
It's only because this guy
was refusing to eat his food,
so I was giving him a warning.
-[whipcrack]
-[old man grunts in pain]
[groaning]
[guard] No talking, remember?
Or did you forget the rules?
Should I take out an eye?
Or cut off your nose?
-Or maybe shatter your jaw?
-[whimpering]
Either way, you need to be punished.
[whoosh]
Huh?
[Baki] You're the one
who's gonna get punished.
[old man] Oh.
[Baki] Abusing an old man
isn't gonna get any hair
to grow back on that bald head of yours.
[gasps]
You know, I gotta thank you.
The only reason
I've stayed in this job as long as I have
is because I've been dying
to meet someone just like you.
-[clacks]
-The facts here are crystal clear.
You were the one who attacked me.
I'm just a victim of your aggression.
You provoked me
when I was in such a vulnerable state,
so you have to be punished severely.
On top of that, maybe worst of all,
you mocked an area of personal insecurity
I have about my body.
So what other choice do I have?
Really? What else am I supposed to do
with all this pent-up animosity
that you caused!
-[thud]
-[groans]
-[door slams open]
[objects clattering]
Look, I don't wanna embarrass you,
but this finger thing
doesn't slow me down even a bit.
-Dislocating a joint is nothing.
-[joints popping]
[popping continues]
You see?
And then from here, nearly anyone could--
-[whooshing]
-[both grunting]
-[guard yells]
-[grunts]
-[thudding]
-[groaning]
[dramatic synth music playing]
[grunting]
[guard] Ah… Ah!
[screams]
[grunts loudly]
-[baton clanging]
-[straining]
[straining loudly]
Please, please, help me!
Ah, don't be scared.
'Cause I'm definitely gonna save you.
[strained] I can't hold, uh, on.
-[Guevaru] Nothing.
-[gasps in surprise]
You'll get nothing in return
for helping him, you know?
[shuddering]
I mean, he is an American, after all.
[blood squishing]
[screams]
[Baki grunts]
[straining]
[grunts loudly]
[guard gasps]
[shuddering]
[groans softly]
[Guevaru sighs]
What a truly gentle soul you are.
[Baki grunts in frustration]
Looks like we made
quite a mess, didn't we?
No.
I have nothing to report.
[both gasp]
I mean, yeah, a food cart
was knocked over, obviously.
But that was only due
to my own carelessness.
That's all it'll be
in my report for today.
[mysterious music plays]
[whooshes, clangs heavily]
[narrator] After three days in solitary,
Baki returned to regular prison life.
-[grunts]
-[hammer clangs]
[metal clanking]
[footsteps departing]
[metal clanks]
-[grunts]
-[clangs]
[metal clanking]
[narrator] Under the blazing sun…
-[whooshes, clangs]
-[grunts]
…he was tasked with laying
the foundation for building a road.
-[whooshes, clangs]
-[Baki grunts]
Now I see why you're able
to get so much done in such a short time.
-[metal clanks, bangs]
-You can drive them in with just two hits.
That definitely sets you apart
from the others.
[groaning weakly]
-[grunts weakly]
-[clanks]
[whooshes, clangs loudly]
[groans]
[guard] That's gotta be a new record.
Even Iron Michael needs
to hit 'em three times to drive 'em in.
[hammer clanking]
-[clanks heavily]
-[grunts loudly]
[breathing raggedly]
[guard] You guys
oughta compete against each other.
[clanking continues]
[guard blows whistle]
Break time!
[inmates sighing]
[gulping thirstily]
[Baki] Hey, Iron Michael.
Hmm?
Heard you're getting out next month.
[chuckles]
Wait, what?
You're gonna go for what?
I'm going for the title.
Undisputed heavyweight champ.
[chuckles happily]
[Michael] Everything's
already been set up.
I'm gonna have my first match
three months after getting out of here.
[sighs] So, look, uh,
about what you said to me
the other day in our cell…
[Michael] I don't mess around
with all of that prison ranking stuff.
I get it.
I totally get
why you wouldn't want to be involved
in the fight ranking system in this place.
It's not exactly that I'm not interested
in going after that title.
But the thing is that my whole team
is waiting for me back in Brooklyn.
Yeah, I don't doubt that at all.
The entire world
is probably waiting for you.
[guard] Look at this.
[whistles in admiration]
But, uh, what's it for?
That's just a little donation
to the Arizona State Prison.
It was given to us by Bob Murphy,
chairman of the International
Boxing Association.
He handed it over to me himself
just yesterday.
He came here? Really?
It seems they don't want
the championship belt
to end up falling into the hands
of a convict like it has in the past.
You see, back in the early 1960s,
the money being brought in
on heavyweight fights was abysmal
due to low box office sales.
Why was that?
Simply because at the time,
the title of heavyweight champion
was held by Sonny Liston,
who'd learned how to box
while he was in prison.
[narrator] Sonny Liston had been arrested
over a dozen times throughout his youth,
and only made his boxing debut
after learning the sport while in prison.
Eventually, he went on to become
the world heavyweight champion.
[crowd jeering]
[narrator] However,
what he received after his victory
wasn't cheers or accolades.
Instead, he was booed and heckled.
[cheering]
[narrator] Fight promoters
had to endure a very dark time
until things changed
with the arrival of "The Greatest",
the man named Cassius Clay.
Apparently, they don't want
to relive that nightmare.
So, what do they want us to do, exactly?
They just want to make sure
that he's never able to box again.
Wait, are you talking about Iron Michael?
And who's supposed to take care of that?
I mean, he was the heavyweight champion,
for Pete's sake!
The fighting ability he possesses
is significantly above and beyond
your typical fighter.
And there's no way that Oliva and Guevaru,
the two men
who might actually be able to beat him,
would ever go along with this.
Then let's call in the Mouth.
[guard gasps]
Are you sure that's a good idea, Warden?
I mean, after all, it…
[warden] Lip, Tooth, Tongue.
I'm certain those three will understand
exactly what we want from them.
Also, I'm sure that they're capable
of defeating Michael.
-Besides--
-[gasps]
I really don't think this is a good idea.
As I was just about to say,
besides, they've always been
our allies up to now.
It'll be perfect.
[footsteps]
[door closes]
[gulps, whimpers]
What's goin' on, Warden?
Has somethin' happened?
Are you really okay
with the three of us being here?
[Tooth] If we're here,
knowing what you know…
[alternating] Then it must mean
that you're in a real fix.
I'll admit that I wasn't too fond
of the collateral damage that's caused
when the three of you are together.
However, a situation has arisen
that requires some collateral damage.
If we're to do it,
I think we ought to do it tonight.
-You seem to be quite well.
-[yelps]
[whimpers]
Stop! Just cut it out!
It makes my head spin
when the three of you talk that way!
[laughs]
Well, then, should we
just talk one at a time instead?
I'm pretty sure
that it'll be more confusing
if I say "you" and "be."
And I say "seem" and "quite."
And I say "to" and "well."
I imagine speaking that way
would take too long to decode.
So then…
[alternating] You seem to be well.
[groans uncertainly]
You display incredible coordination
to be able to speak
one word at a time so smoothly like that
as if you three were a single person.
I'm sure, to someone first hearing it,
that distinctive delivery
could be very confusing.
But you'll figure it out pretty fast.
It really is amazing.
The magnificent result
of three individuals
working so closely together.
Like how water, steam, and pistons
make up a steam engine.
Or the horse, whip, and jockey
in horse racing.
Or the Sun, water,
and atmosphere on Earth.
Each magnificent cooperation
yields magnificent results.
But, among the many different combinations
that exist all over this world,
the smoothest
-and most magnificent combination…
-[gasps]
…the strongest combination of all,
the true king of combinations,
is how the lips, teeth
and tongue work together.
[dramatic music plays]
[narrator] To understand the combination
of the lips, teeth, and tongue,
perhaps it's easiest to use
an example that anyone can imagine,
such as eating a piece of fish.
First, one puts the fish in their mouth.
Then, even before the fish really
makes contact with the rest of the mouth,
the lips draw it in
and close around it with exquisite timing.
The food, thus enveloped,
is completely contained
and kept hidden from sight,
since otherwise it might appear repulsive.
Once the food is cut by the teeth,
the tongue delivers it
to the back of the mouth,
where it is ground up by molars.
Any remaining pieces are relentlessly
hunted down by the tongue
and then sent back
to also be handled by the molars,
where they're crushed until the food
becomes smooth and easy to swallow.
And speaking of the tongue,
throughout this complicated process,
it even detects hazards
such as small bones
and sends them back to the lips.
Perhaps even more amazingly,
throughout all these intricate maneuvers,
neither the lips nor the tongue
end up being injured by the teeth at all.
It truly can be called
a perfect combination.
That's why these three
are known as the Mouth…
-[gasps]
-…and individually have come to be called
by the names Lip, Tooth, and Tongue.
They've clearly earned
the right to those names.
-[mysterious music playing]
-[grunts uncomfortably]
Listen, I'd like to ask
the three of you something.
[alternating] By all means.
I'm well aware that the coordination
the three of you show
when you're working together is no joke.
But still, no matter the strength
that your cooperation may bring,
how's it translate
to the world of fighting?
-[dramatic sting]
-Especially against Iron Michael?
[music continues]
[chuckling]
Huh?
I'll answer that question.
This is a very common mistake
that many people make.
One might even say
that your way of thinking
is merely an extravagant illusion
about martial arts.
Wait, do you think that I'm overestimating
Iron Michael's abilities?
Look, he might be
paying for his crimes right now,
but there's no doubt
that he'll go down in history
as one of the greatest
world heavyweight champions ever!
Don't you think that you guys
might actually be underestimating him?
Here's the thing.
This isn't really something
that can be easily explained with words.
So just bring us to him,
and we'll show you
what we mean through our actions.
Dragging me out here at this hour
isn't very nice, you know?
Now then, how much, Tooth?
Two-point-five.
Well, maybe three-point-zero
to three-point-two at the very most.
[Tongue] That's what I was thinking too.
[Tooth] You'd expect nothing less
than three-point-two from him.
It's true that Iron Michael
is very athletic,
but still, his stature
limits his muscle mass.
I doubt he'd ever be able
to reach four-point-zero.
Three-point-two times
that of a normal man.
That's the limit of his fighting ability.
[guard] Ridiculous!
How can you say that he has
only three-point-two times
the ability of a normal man?
He's easily as strong
as ten men, if not more!
You guys claim
that you know about martial arts,
but you look like amateurs.
Well, that's rude.
And you're wrong.
We're not amateurs in any way, whatsoever.
Each one of us has
rather extensive training and experience
in karate, boxing, and judo.
Although, admittedly, we don't
actually have licenses or black belts.
No way!
If that's true,
then this is incredibly reckless!
You think you can fight
a powerhouse boxer like him
with limited martial arts experience?
Sure, because we don't actually need
any more experience.
Not even to face someone like you,
a heavyweight champ.
There's certainly no shortage
of stories about bravery out there.
Like how a certain person
defeated three thugs at once.
Or how some other person
knocked out five juvenile delinquents.
All of those stories are all about
brilliant and brave fighters.
So, just how much stronger
are these professionals
than the average man?
Five times? Six times? Ten times?
-None of those is correct.
-[gasps]
Just one-point-five to two times
stronger than ordinary.
Even most world-class champions
are barely two-point-five times stronger.
But the real truth
is even harder to handle.
A champion doesn't stand any chance at all
against three amateurs.
A man who is
a mere two-point-five times stronger
just can't defeat three such men.
And why's that?
The answer's quite simple.
It's that he isn't used to fighting
against three men at one time.
[Michael scoffs]
Soccer, rugby, volleyball,
he hasn't developed the kind of teamwork
that you might find in those sports.
Currently, the only fighting style
that involves teamwork like that
is, ironically enough, pro wrestling,
and you could really
hardly call that a martial art.
-[snaps fingers]
-Huh?
[grunts]
[groans]
It's always so surprising
how hard people's faces are.
[gasping]
[yells]
[grunts, groans]
-[slaps]
-[grunts, groans]
[groaning]
[roars, groans]
-[grunts]
-[Michael yelling]
[breathing heavily]
[grunting loudly]
-[Michael yelling]
-He's just running away…
[groans]
[panting]
Seriously?
You actually call this travesty a fight?!
-[groans]
-We do.
[breathing heavily]
-[slaps loudly]
-[grunts, pants]
-Huh?
-[exciting music playing]
[groaning]
[guard] The king is crumbling…
[Michael groans]
[guard] How is this happening?
-How could this possibly be happening?
-[groaning]
To kick Iron Michael,
one of boxing's greatest champions,
right in the face?!
[groans loudly]
A legendary boxer
who set the whole world abuzz?
[groaning]
-[groans]
-Oof! Another kick in the face?
Who do these three think they are
doing something like this?
[groaning]
[gasps]
[breathing heavily]
[Michael running away]
[panting]
[gasps]
-[metallic clang]
-[panting]
Whoa! No way!
Yes, that's it!
He managed to get
all three of them in front of him!
[panting]
[guard] Do it!
Do it, champ! You got this!
Ah, of course, I see what he's up to now.
Well, he's certainly no fool.
That much is clear.
So in honor of the great champ…
[snaps fingers]
…we will now use boxing
to face off with you!
[music continues]
[gasps]
[gasping uncertainly, grunts]
[growling]
[closing theme music plays]
Subtitle translation by: